140 years ago today, President Abraham Lincoln stood at the side of one of the most important
battles of the U.S. Civil War in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, a crowd of some 15,000
gathered to consecrate a cemetery for Union War dead. Though brief, the now-famous Gettysburg
dress marked a defining moment of the Civil War. Actor Sam Watterston has portrayed President
Lincoln on stage and screen. Four score and seven years ago, our fathers brought
forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition
that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether
that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met
on a great battlefield of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field as
a final resting place, for those who hear gave their lives that that nation might live. It
is all together fitting and proper that we should do this. But in a larger sense, we cannot dedicate,
we cannot consecrate, we cannot hellow this ground. The brave men living in dead who struggled
here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or to track. The world will little
note no longer remember what we say here. But it can never forget what they did here. It
is for us the living rather to be dedicated here to the unfinished work, which they who fought
here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great
task remaining before us. That from these honored dead, we take increased devotion to
that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion. That we here highly
resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain, that this nation under God shall have
a new birth of freedom and that government of the people by the people for the people shall not
perish from the earth.
Actor Sam Waterston reading the Gettysburg Address delivered by President Abraham Lincoln
140 years ago today. Waterston also is a leading member of the Advisory Committee of the Abraham
Lincoln By Centennial Commission, which is charged with planning the celebration of Lincoln's
200th birthday in 2009.
