Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?"
Aunt Petunia suggested timidly hours later.
But Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her.
Exactly what he was looking for none of them knew.
He drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got
back into the car, and off they went again.
The same thing happened in the middle of a ploughed field, half-way across a suspension
bridge and at the top of a multi-level parking garage.
Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?
Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully later that afternoon.
Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.
It started to rain, great drops beat on the roof of the car.
Dudley snivelled.
It's Monday, he told his mother.
The great Humberto's on tonight.
I want to stay somewhere with the television.
Monday.
This reminded Harry of something.
If it was Monday, and you could usually count on Dudley to know the days of the week because
of television, then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry's eleventh birthday.
Of course his birthdays were never exactly fun.
Last year the Dursleys had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.
Still you weren't eleven every day.
Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling.
He was also carrying a long thin package and didn't answer Aunt Petunia when she asked
what he'd bought.
Found the perfect place, he said.
Come on, everyone out.
It was very cold outside the car.
Uncle Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea.
Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine.
One thing was certain, there was no television in there.
Some forecast for tonight, said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together, and
this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his boat.
A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing with a rather wicked grin at an old
rowboat bobbing in the iron grey water below them.
I've already got us some rations, said Uncle Vernon, so all aboard.
It was freezing in the boat.
Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces.
After what seemed like hours, they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and
sliding, led the way to the broken down house.
The inside was horrible.
It smelled strongly of seaweed.
The wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls and the fireplace was damp and
empty.
There were only two rooms.
Uncle Vernon's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas.
He tried to start a fire, but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.
Could do with some of those letters now, eh?
He said cheerfully.
He was in a very good mood, obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here
in a storm to deliver mail.
Harry privately agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.
